README.md, before:

# 🗄️ 21 Days SQL Challenge – Indian Data Club

I'm participating in the **21 Days SQL Challenge** by **Indian Data Club** to strengthen my SQL skills through daily practice.

## 🚀 Overview
- **Duration:** 21 Days  
- **Focus:** SQL fundamentals to advanced concepts  
- **Tools:** MySQL, MySQL Workbench  

## 📅 Progress
| Day | Topic | Status |
|-----|--------|---------|
| 01 | SELECT & Basics | ✅ Completed |
| 02 | Filtering Data with WHERE Clause|✅ Completed  |
| 03 | ORDER BY, ASC/ DESC, sorting| ✅ Completed  | 
| 04 | Limit OFFSET pagination concept |✅ Completed |
| 05 | COUNT SUM AVG MIN MAX |✅ Completed |
| 06 | GROUP BY, Aggregating by categories|✅ Completed |
| 07 | Having clause, filtering aggregated results |✅Completed |
| 08 | Upper, Lower, Length, Concat, Substring|✅Completed |
| 09 | Date functions, Date arithmetic, EXTRACT |✅Complated |
| 10 | CASE WHEN, conditional logic, derived columns |✅ Completed |
| 11 | DISTINCT, removing duplicates, unique values |✅ Completed |
| 12 | NULL Handling, IS NULL, IS NOT NULL, COALESCE |✅ Completed |
| 13 | Inner Join, joining two tables, relationship understanding |✅ Completed |
| 14 | Left Join, Right Join, Including unmachted records |✅ Completed |
| 15 | Joining more than two tables, Complex Relationships |✅ Completed |
| .. | Mini Project |✅ Completed |
| 16 | ..... | Coming Soon.. |

## 🧠 Concepts
`SELECT`, `WHERE`, `JOIN`, `GROUP BY`, `SUBQUERY`, `VIEW`, `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE`

Commit message:

Update README with completed subqueries section

README.md, after:

# 🗄️ 21 Days SQL Challenge – Indian Data Club

I'm participating in the **21 Days SQL Challenge** by **Indian Data Club** to strengthen my SQL skills through daily practice.

## 🚀 Overview
- **Duration:** 21 Days  
- **Focus:** SQL fundamentals to advanced concepts  
- **Tools:** MySQL, MySQL Workbench  

## 📅 Progress
| Day | Topic | Status |
|-----|--------|---------|
| 01 | SELECT & Basics | ✅ Completed |
| 02 | Filtering Data with WHERE Clause|✅ Completed  |
| 03 | ORDER BY, ASC/ DESC, sorting| ✅ Completed  | 
| 04 | Limit OFFSET pagination concept |✅ Completed |
| 05 | COUNT SUM AVG MIN MAX |✅ Completed |
| 06 | GROUP BY, Aggregating by categories|✅ Completed |
| 07 | Having clause, filtering aggregated results |✅Completed |
| 08 | Upper, Lower, Length, Concat, Substring|✅Completed |
| 09 | Date functions, Date arithmetic, EXTRACT |✅Complated |
| 10 | CASE WHEN, conditional logic, derived columns |✅ Completed |
| 11 | DISTINCT, removing duplicates, unique values |✅ Completed |
| 12 | NULL Handling, IS NULL, IS NOT NULL, COALESCE |✅ Completed |
| 13 | Inner Join, joining two tables, relationship understanding |✅ Completed |
| 14 | Left Join, Right Join, Including unmachted records |✅ Completed |
| 15 | Joining more than two tables, Complex Relationships |✅ Completed |
| .. | Mini Project |✅ Completed |
| 16 | Subquries in WHERE, nested quries, filtering with subqueries |✅ Completed |
| 17 | .... | Coming Soon... |

## 🧠 Concepts
`SELECT`, `WHERE`, `JOIN`, `GROUP BY`, `SUBQUERY`, `VIEW`, `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE`
